# Chapter 2 Designing for Operations

Place your answers below each question.  Answer are found directly in the text.

1. Why is design for operations so important?
* Only a tiny fraction of a service's life cycle is allocated to developing service, while the rest of the fraction is committed to operations. However, in practice, operational functions are given less importance than features.
    
* Software is genreally built to give the best user experience possible by taking into account what the user will see and do.
* It is critical for feature functionality to have a robust operational basis in order to deliver a seamless user experience, which is rarely considered. As a result, system administrators lose control of interaction points, resulting in a fail over. As a result, while developing a service/software, it is critical to consider operational needs.

2. How is automated configuration typically supported?

* The system must be automatically configurable. This includes both the initial setup and any further modifications. The following procedures must be able to achieve:

    * Create a backup of a configuration and restore it

    * Compare one archived copy to another revision

    * Back up the current configuration without shutting down the machine.

* All of these objectives are often met by storing the configuration in the form of a text file with a well-defined structure. Such a file may be readily generated by automated systems. Text files are simple to interpret and hence auditable. They are readily archived.

3. List the important factors for redundancy through replication.

* The service should be able to work behind a load balancer.

* Create multiple read replicas of the database.

* Software that uses a database must be specifically engineered to support readonly
replicas.

* It is good practice to segregate read-only and write/update queries even if the database does not have any replicas and both connections go to the same server.

* Create read-only replicas for specific purposes.


4. Why might you not want to solve an issue by coding the solution yourself?

* It is a poor idea for operational team employees to create code while developers are not ready to add operational functionality for the reason stated below.
    * As an operational person, you will not be familiar with the coding standard, internal infrastructure, or entire program architecture. A lack of awareness of all minor bugs in programming might cause problems in a system.
    * It implies that developers do not need to be concerned about operational features; if they are not completed, the operational team will take care of it by creating code on your own.
    * Instead of developing code by hand to solve a problem, operational personnel should spend time establishing frameworks that developers can utilize and creating an eco system in which services can run.

5. Which type of problems should appear first on your priority list?

* Initially, problems should be identified in terms of risk and influence on the business; then, requests/problems may be prioritized based on this information. One strategy for prioritizing is to choose items that will have a large impact on the business in a short length of time in the order listed:
    * With minimal work, you can have a big impact on company.
    * With more work, you may have a big impact on company.
    * The impact on company is low, and the time required is short.
    * There is low impact on company and more time is needed.

6. Which factors can you bring to an outside vendor to get the vendor to take your issue seriously?

* Vendors are sensitive to criticism of their products, so always bring your concerns to light in a positive way. Postmortem reports should contain the feature request to help vendors understand what you're asking for.
